 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
International GNSS Service  
Data and Product Disclaimer and Terms of Use 
5 August 2020 
 
 
  

Background 
Since 1993, the International GNSS Service (IGS) has carried out its mission to advocate for and provide 
freely and openly available high-precision GNSS data, as well as derived operational data products, 
including satellite ephemerides, Earth rotation parameters, station coordinates, satellite and station 
clock biases, station troposphere estimates, worldwide ionosphere maps, etc. The IGS is a self-governed, 
voluntary federation of contributing organizations from around the world that collectively operate a 
global infrastructure of tracking stations, data centers and analysis centers to provide high quality GNSS 
data products. Each participating organization contributes its own resources, and there is no central 
source of funding.  
  
The IGS products and station data are provided openly for the benefit of all scientific, educational, and 
commercial users. For 25 years, IGS data and products have been made openly available for use without 
restriction, and continue to be offered free of cost or obligation. In turn, users are encouraged to 
participate in the IGS, or otherwise contribute by promoting its values, standards, goals and advancing 
its strategic plan.  
  
The IGS operates as a voluntary federation that is self-governed by its participants (Associate Members) 
through an elected Governing Board. The IGS is a service of the International Asso­ciation of Geodesy 
(IAG), one of the associations of the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics (IUGG), and a key 
component of the Global Geodetic Observing System (GGOS). The IGS is also a participating member of 
the ISC World Data System (WDS), established by the International Science Council (ISC; formerly ICSU) 
to create a common globally interoperable distributed data system that incorporates emerging 
technologies and multidisciplinary scientific data activities. 
 
International research is increasingly dependent on access to quality-assured data across multiple 
scientific domains, in particular to tackle the pressing challenges of sustainability and the resilient 
management of our planet (an element of GGOS). In unison with the concept of Open Data, it is vital 
that the data underlying scientific research are properly preserved and fully and openly shared to 
facilitate scrutiny and reuse. The IGS meets these challenges via its internationally distributed Global 
Data Centers.  
  
Disclaimer 
  
The IGS continuously monitors the accuracy of its products through inter-comparison of results between 
Analysis Centers. IGS strives to deliver its products on a highly available, best efforts basis. Due to the 
volunteer nature of its work, IGS makes no guarantee of the quality, reliability, usability, availability, or 
suitability of any IGS data and products for any particular purpose. IGS data and products should not be 
used for any life-critical functions. Users assume all risks and liabilities, direct or indirect, associated with 
any use of IGS data and products. 
 
Though IGS uses the best technical standards to control its website, material on this website may 
inadvertently include technical inaccuracies or other errors. Users are encouraged to report errors or 
inaccuracies to the IGS Central Bureau. Please note that users browse and use the website at their own 
risk. IGS does not warrant that the functional aspects of the website will be uninterrupted or error free 
or that this website, or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or other harmful 
components. IGS may change material on the website without prior notice.  
  
The IGS website contains links and references to third-party websites that are provided for the 
convenience and interest of the IGS user community and this implies neither responsibility for, nor 
approval of, information contained in these websites, nor for the accuracy, quality and completeness of 
any accessible data and metadata.  
  
IGS makes no warranty, either express or implied, as to the accuracy, availability or content of 
information, text, graphics which are not under the 'igs.org' domain. IGS makes no warranty, either 
express or implied, as to the accuracy, availability, completeness and quality of the GNSS or any other 
data or metadata accessible through the IGS website. 
  
Attribution 
  
By accessing data, products, and any other information from the IGS, users agree to appropriately cite 
and attribute these resources to providers and their sponsors, acknowledgment of IGS and its 
contributing organizations, and to adherence to professional and ethical standards. 
  
Terms of Use 
 
Access to, and use of IGS data, products, and other information constitutes acceptance of the 
aforementioned information. 